ZINRAI BRAND PROMOTER AGREEMENT
Effective Date: June 10, 2025
PLEASE READ THIS BRAND PROMOTER AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. THIS BRAND PROMOTER AGREEMENT REQUIRES
THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS
ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMITS THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.
1. 2. 3. 4. By applying to become an Zinrai independent Brand Promoter (“Brand Promoter”) through the Zinrai
website and online enrollment process, the applicant (“You”) acknowledges and agrees that You have read
and understand the Zinrai Brand Promoter Agreement, which is comprised of these Terms and Conditions,
the Zinrai Policies & Procedures and the Zinrai Compensation Plan (“Brand Promoter Agreement”). By
enrolling as an Zinrai Brand Promoter You confirm that your name and contact details are correct, that You
are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older (or if legal age is older than eighteen (18) years of age in
your country of residence that You have reached legal age) and that You want to become a Brand Promoter.
You agree that You will comply with the terms and conditions contained in the Brand Promoter Agreement.
You confirm that You understand that the Brand Promoter Agreement between You and Zinrai LLC (“Zinrai”)
will become effective only upon acceptance by Zinrai of your completed Brand Promoter online application
and receipt by Zinrai of your initial and first twenty-eight (28) days’ Recurring Fees (defined in Section 2
below). You confirm that You understand that Zinrai has the right to accept or reject your application in its
sole discretion. You further acknowledge that if You apply to become an Zinrai Brand Promoter and your
application is accepted based on your representation that You are of legal age and You in fact are not of
legal age in your country of residence at the time of your application or thereafter, Zinrai shall be entitled
to immediately terminate your Brand Promoter Agreement.
There is no requirement to become a Brand Promoter beyond your entering into the Brand Promoter
Agreement and paying the initial and Recurring Fees on enrollment. Recurring Fees are the fees paid by a
Brand Promoter every twenty-eight (28) days for the support of a Brand Promoter account. No other
purchase of sales aids, Brand Promoter training materials, Zinrai Products and/or Services nor attendance
at Zinrai training or promotional events is required, and any such purchase by You is strictly voluntary.
Commissions, bonuses, or other compensation earned by You as a Brand Promoter (“Compensation”) and
rank advancement are based solely upon the successful sale of Zinrai Products and/or Services to
Customers/Members and as a Brand Promoter You are not required to purchase any Zinrai Products and/or
Services.
No Compensation is earned for the enrollment of new Brand Promoters, and You will be compensated only
based upon the activities of other Brand Promoters to the extent that such Brand Promoters make sales of
Zinrai Products and/or Services to Customers/Members.
You hereby authorize Zinrai to (i) charge the initial fee and initial Recurring Fee to your credit or debit card
on file with Zinrai or other selected payment method (the “Payment Method”); and (ii) automatically charge
the Payment Method for each Recurring Fee payment due and payable under this Brand Promoter
Agreement. You agree that You will ensure the Payment Method remains valid at all times and that You will
provide Zinrai with all information necessary to allow Zinrai to charge the Payment Method for all amounts
due and payable by You to Zinrai. If the Payment Method expires or becomes invalid for any reason or You
otherwise fail to pay any fees when due, your Brand Promoter position will be deactivated, and at the option
of Zinrai this Brand Promoter Agreement will terminate, and You will forfeit all rights under this Brand
Promoter Agreement. Zinrai may, in its discretion, elect to hold your account open in a deactivated or
suspended status.
ZINRAI RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE PAYMENT METHODS IT ACCEPTS AT ANY TIME IN ITS SOLE
DISCRETION.
1
5. 6. 7. 8. 9. If You are entering into this Brand Promoter Agreement on behalf of a corporation, limited liability
company, partnership, trust, or other entity, You represent that You have the authority to enter into such
agreements for the entity and understand that the acceptance of the Brand Promoter Agreement by Zinrai
shall be conditional upon receipt by Zinrai of documentation to verify the identity and authority of the
owners and officers of the entity.
This Brand Promoter Agreement shall continue unless or until sooner terminated as permitted under this
Brand Promoter Agreement. You agree that Zinrai may from time to time modify the Recurring fees upon
written notice to You delivered via email and/or posted in your back office.
The provisions of this Brand Promoter Agreement which by their nature are intended to survive termination
of this Brand Promoter Agreement shall survive termination, including but not limited to the Dispute
Resolution Provisions, restrictive covenants, and all provisions related to indemnification, confidentiality,
and data protection.
You agree that You are an independent contractor for all purposes under applicable federal, state, and local
statutes, rules, regulations, and other laws (“Applicable Law”) and You are not an employee, partner, agent,
franchisee, or legal representative of Zinrai nor may You hold your yourself out as such. You are responsible
for your own business, and You are free to select your own means, methods, and manner of operation, and
free to choose the hours and location of your activities performed as a Brand Promoter. If You employ
individuals to perform services for your independent business, You understand that You are responsible for
their acts and omissions and for ensuring their compliance with this Brand Promoter Agreement and
Applicable Law. You are solely responsible for filing and remitting any taxes and obtaining any necessary
permits, licenses, permits, authorizations or insurance required to conduct your Brand Promoter business.
You shall have no power or authority to bind Zinrai in any way, directly or indirectly, and You are not entitled
to holidays, vacations, disability, insurance, pensions or retirement plans, or any other benefits offered or
provided by Zinrai to its employees.
You may terminate this Brand Promoter Agreement for any reason, at any time, by giving Zinrai written
notice at billing@zinrai.com. Zinrai may terminate this Brand Promoter Agreement pursuant to the Zinrai
Policies & Procedures or by giving written notice to You if (i) You breach any part of this Brand Promoter
Agreement, (ii) if Zinrai ceases to do business in whole or in part, or in the country in which You are resident,
merges its business with a third party or restructures its business such that it ceases to offer the Zinrai
business opportunity or ceases to sell its some or all of its Products and/or Services, globally, or specifically
to residents of the country where You are resident and/or (iv) if Zinrai is required to change its business
model or Products and/or Services to comply with Applicable Law, court order or settlement of any action
by a regulatory authority or agency. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Agreement You shall not
be entitled to any commission on any transactions concluded after the termination of the Agreement,
regardless of whether such transactions are attributable to Your efforts during the term of the Agreement.
10. You are not guaranteed any income, profits, or success, and You agree that You will not make any false,
misleading, inaccurate or unrepresentative claims regarding earning potential as a Brand Promoter
including but not limited to claims related to replacing income impacted by coronavirus or making income
from trading activity in which a Customer/Member may engage. There are expenses that You may incur in
the operation or promotion of your Zinrai business. These may include, but are not limited to, the Brand
Promoter Recurring Fees, purchase of Products and/or Services for personal use, training and educational
expenses, business equipment, travel expenses, and miscellaneous costs. You acknowledge that in some
cases, these costs may exceed the amounts You may earn as a Brand Promoter.
11. Zinrai may charge a fee to process all Compensation. Compensation will be paid to the Payment Method
You nominate in our profile in the back office. If You wish to change the Payment Method for receipt of
Compensation Zinrai may charge a fee to administer such change.
2
12. You agree to read, print and retain a copy for your records of the Zinrai Policies & Procedures published at
zinrai.com. At all times while You are a Brand Promoter You agree to comply with the Zinrai Policies &
Procedures. You further agree that You shall not engage in or perform any misleading, deceptive, or
unethical practices, or make any false or misleading statements, regarding Zinrai, the Zinrai Products and/or
Services and the Zinrai business opportunity.
13. You agree to abide by Applicable Law governing the marketing, sale, or solicitation of the Zinrai Products
and/or Services. Zinrai offers educational Products and/or Services and at no time will You make any claims
or imply, directly or indirectly, that Zinrai offers financial advice or services, or investment advice, acts as a
regulated broker or that its Products and/or Services include live trading.
14. If Zinrai has reason to believe You have breached the terms of the Brand Promoter Agreement Zinrai may
suspend your Brand Promoter position to investigate the alleged breach and any Compensation which may
be otherwise owing to You may be held by Zinrai until final resolution has been achieved. If Zinrai
determines that You have violated this Brand Promoter Agreement, then Zinrai may, at its option, (if
permitted by applicable law) levy fines which may be withheld from commissions due to You and/or
terminate this Brand Promoter Agreement, in which event You will not be entitled to any Compensation of
any kind.
15. Zinrai reserves the right to vary or change the terms and conditions of this Brand Promoter Agreement and
of the Zinrai Compensation Plan at any time, including without limitation those terms and conditions related
to eligibility. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED BELOW REGARDING AMENDMENTS TO THE
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AGREEMENT, CONTINUED PARTICIPATION AS A BRAND PROMOTER AFTER
ZINRAI CHANGES THIS BRAND PROMOTER AGREEMENT AND/OR THE ZINRAI COMPENSATION PLAN
CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES, YOU
MUST CANCEL THIS Brand Promoter AGREEMENT. Zinrai may also from time to time make available to You
certain incentives outside of the Zinrai Compensation Plan (e.g., promotional incentives), and such
incentives may be subject to separate terms and conditions.
16. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Zinrai and its shareholders, directors, officers, contractors, and
employees harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including without
limitation any attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising out of or in connection with your actions or omissions
in the performance under this Brand Promoter Agreement.
17. IN NO EVENT WILL ZINRAI BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CAUSE,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY DELAY, ACTION, ERROR OR
OMISSION OF ZINRAI OR THE DELIVERY, NONDELIVERY, DISCONTINUATION, OR MODIFICATION OF ANY
PRODUCT OR SERVICE BY ZINRAI, EVEN IF ZINRAI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
18. DISPUTE RESOLUTION; AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE; CLASS-ACTION WAIVER
READ THESE DISPUTE RESOLUTION TERMS CAREFULLY. THEY SUPERSEDE AND REPLACE ALL PRIOR TERMS
FOR RESOLVING DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND ZINRAI, REQUIRE YOU AND ZINRAI TO ARBITRATE
CERTAIN CLAIMS (“CLAIM(S)”, AND LIMIT HOW YOU AND ZINRAI CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM EACH OTHER.
WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THESE TERMS PRECLUDE YOU AND ZINRAI FROM SUING IN COURT OR
PARTICIPATING IN A CLASS ACTION AND YOU AND ZINRAI AGREE THAT ARBITRATION WILL BE SOLELY
ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A CLASS ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION, OR ANY OTHER
REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. YOU AND ZINRAI ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY A JURY.
FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW IN SECTION 18L IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF THE REQUIREMENT
TO ARBITRATE.
3
A.THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT MUTUALLY AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM
ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT WHICH CANNOT BE RESOLVED BY INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION SHALL BE RESOLVED BY
BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION BEFORE A SINGLE ARBITRATOR ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN
ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (“AAA”). AS a Brand Promoter you are not a “Consumer,” so the rules
applicable to Claims between You and Zinrai shall be AAA’s Commercial Rules. The Commercial Rules of
the AAA are available at www.adr.org.
B. In the event the AAA is unwilling or unable to hear the dispute, the Parties shall agree to, or an
appropriate court shall select, another arbitration provider. Unless otherwise agreed upon by the Parties,
any arbitration hearing shall take place in Miami, Florida, although either party may elect to participate in
the arbitration by telephone. The Party filing the Demand for Arbitration shall be responsible for the initial
filing fees and costs charged by AAA and the respondent shall be responsible for payment of filing fees for
any Cross-Complaint or Counterclaim.
C. Although this agreement to arbitrate is made and entered into between You and Zinrai, Zinrai’s affiliates,
owners, members, managers, and employees (“Related Parties”) are intended third party beneficiaries of
the Brand Promoter Agreement, including this agreement to arbitrate.
D. This agreement to arbitrate shall survive the termination of this Brand Promoter Agreement. Any issues
related to the arbitrability of any claim, or the scope, validity or enforceability of this agreement to arbitrate
shall be determined by the arbitrator. If either party wishes to initiate arbitration, the initiating party must
notify the other party in writing via certified mail, return receipt requested, or hand delivery via courier.
The Demand for Arbitration must include a statement of the legal and factual basis of the claim(s) to be
arbitrated. You will send a copy of any demand for arbitration to Zinrai by certified mail addressed to Zinrai
LLC, 3333 Renaissance Blvd, Suite #209, Bonita Springs, FL 34134. Zinrai will send any demand for
arbitration to You by certified mail using the current mailing address You provided in your Zinrai account.
The parties shall be entitled to all discovery rights permitted by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the
parties shall be permitted to bring motions under FRCP Rules 12 and 56. The decision of the arbitrator shall
be final and binding on the parties and may, if necessary, be reduced to a final judgment in a court of
competent jurisdiction.
E. Required Informal Dispute Resolution. Except for IP Claims (defined in Section 18F) and Claims requiring
a temporary restraining order, if either of us has a Claim against the other, both of us must first attempt to
resolve the Claim informally before the Claim may be brought in arbitration. You and Zinrai will make a
good-faith effort to negotiate for forty-five (45) days towards the resolution of any Claim, or for a longer
period as mutually agreed in writing by You and Zinrai. You will send any Claimant Notice to Zinrai by
certified mail addressed to Zinrai LLC, 3333 Renaissance Blvd, Suite #209, Bonita Springs, FL 34134. Zinrai
will send any Claimant Notice to You by certified mail using the current mailing address You provided in
your Zinrai account. The Claimant Notice sent by either party must provide factual information sufficient
for the receiving party to evaluate the Claim and must include the claimant’s name, address, email address,
and any relevant purchase information and product information. Engaging in Informal Dispute Resolution
is a condition precedent to either party’s right to initiate an arbitration.
F. Claims Subject to Binding Arbitration; Exceptions. Except for IP Claims, which are disputes that
exclusively relate to infringement of your or Zinrai’s intellectual property rights, both parties agree that all
Claims meeting the requirements of Section 18E that are not resolved during the Informal Resolution
Period, including Claims that are unrelated to IP Claims but are jointly filed with IP Claims, will only be
resolved through binding arbitration.
G. Small Claims. You or Zinrai may pursue any Claim, except IP Claims, in a small-claims court instead of
through arbitration if (i) the Claim meets the jurisdictional requirements of the small claims court and (ii)
the small claims court does not permit class or similar representative actions or relief.
H. Arbitration Fees. You and Zinrai will be responsible for paying the fees of the arbitrator and any
administrative fees charged by AAA according to the rules and procedures of the AAA.
I. Frivolous or Improper Claims. To the extent permitted by law, a claimant must pay all reasonable costs
and fees incurred by the responding party—including arbitration fees, attorney fees, and expert fees—
related to a Claim if an arbitrator or court determines that (i) the Claim was not warranted by existing law
4
or by a nonfrivolous argument or (ii) the Claim was filed in arbitration for any improper purpose, including
to harass the responding party, cause unnecessary delay, or increase the cost of dispute resolution.
J. Class Action Waiver. You and Zinrai agree that by entering into the above agreement to arbitrate both
parties are waiving their right to have any dispute or claim brought, heard or arbitrated as a class action
lawsuit or class action arbitration, or any joint or consolidated lawsuit or joint or consolidated arbitration
of any kind. You and Zinrai agree that an arbitrator shall not have any authority to hear or arbitrate any
class or collective action. You and Zinrai agree that any claim that all or part of this class action waiver is
unenforceable shall be determined by a state or federal court located in Miami, Florida and not by an
arbitrator. You and Zinrai further agree that if a court determines that the limitations of this paragraph are
deemed invalid or unenforceable, any putative class or representative action must be brought in a court of
proper jurisdiction and not in arbitration.
K. Mass Arbitrations. If twenty-five (25) or more Claimant Notices are received by a party within one
hundred and eighty (180) days of the first Claimant Notice that the party received, and all such Claimant
Notices raise similar Claims and have the same or coordinated counsel, then these Claims will be
considered “Mass Arbitrations.” You or Zinrai may advise the other if You or Zinrai believe that the Claims
at issue are Mass Arbitrations, and disputes over whether a Claim meets the definition of “Mass
Arbitrations” will be decided by the arbitration provider as an administrative matter. Mass Arbitrations shall
proceed pursuant to the AAA Mass Arbitration procedures.
L. 30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of arbitration by sending written notice of your
decision to opt out to the following address by mail: Zinrai LLC, 3333 Renaissance Blvd, Suite #209, Bonita
Springs, FL 34134 within thirty (30) days of You first becoming subject to these Dispute Resolution Terms.
Such notice must include the name of each person opting out and contact information for each such person,
the specific products, or services used that are at issue, the email address that You used to set up your
Zinrai account (if You have one), and, if applicable, a copy of your purchase receipt(s).
M. Governing Law.
All Claims shall be subject to, governed by, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of Florida, U.S.A., except for its conflict of law rules. The Federal Arbitration Act shall otherwise govern
all matters relating to arbitration.
N. Venue.
All Claims not subject to arbitration pursuant to these Dispute Resolution Terms and that cannot be heard
in small claims court will be resolved exclusively and have jurisdiction in the courts located in Miami, Florida,
U.S.A.
19. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS
A. Definitions. For purposes of this Brand Promoter Agreement and this Section 19, the following terms
shall have the meanings provided below:
“Zinrai Products and/or Services” means all digital educational products and online educational instruction
and training services offered for sale by Zinrai from time to time.
“Customer/Member” means a person or entity that purchases Zinrai Products and/or Services.
“Downline” means all Brand Promoters who are at the first level or below underneath your Brand Promoter
position in your Brand Promoter sales organization.
“Participating Party” means a shareholder, partner, or beneficial owner of an Brand Promoter position that
holds an interest in the Brand Promoter position equal to five percent (5%) or more of the total interest
therein, or any individual that acquires Customers/Members or recruits potential Brand Promoters in
connection with a Brand Promoter position as permitted under the Brand Promoter Agreement.
“Restricted Brand Promoter” means any individual that is or, within the past six (6) months, has been, party
(directly or as a Participating Party) to a Brand Promoter Agreement with Zinrai.
5
“Solicit” means, in effect or by intent, to request, recruit, enroll, sponsor, entice, induce, influence, or
encourage, in each case in any way and through any means or method (including, without limitation,
communications made affirmatively or responsively, directly, or indirectly, expressly, or implicitly, or
personally or through or with one or more third parties).
“Solicitation” means any activity that solicits, including but not limited to, person-to-person meetings,
phone calls (e.g., direct phone calls and three-way calls), emails, text messages, chat messages, and social
media postings.
B. Customer/Member Non-Solicitation. During the term of this Brand Promoter Agreement and for a
period of one (1) year after the expiration or earlier termination hereof, You shall not Solicit any
Customer/Member to whom You have marketed Zinrai Products and/or Services within the immediately
prior two (2) years to (i) move their business away from Zinrai; or (ii) purchase products or services that are
the same as or similar to any Zinrai Products and/or Services unless expressly approved in writing by Zinrai.
You acknowledge and agree that all Customers/Members Solicited by a Brand Promoter for the promotion
or sale of Zinrai Products or/or Services are deemed to be Customers/Members of Zinrai and not of the
Brand Promoter, whether or not the Brand Promoter originally introduced such Customer/Member to
Zinrai.
C. Restricted Brand Promoter Non-Solicitation. During the term of this Brand Promoter Agreement and for
a period of one (1) year after the expiration or earlier termination hereof, You shall not Solicit any Restricted
Brand Promoter to participate, personally or through any entity or other medium, in another multi-level
marketing, network marketing, or other direct selling business opportunity. You hereby acknowledge and
agree that due to the nature of network marketing, it is reasonable that the foregoing Solicitation
prohibition extends to all markets in which Zinrai conducts business.
D. Survival of Restrictive Covenants. You acknowledge and agree that your obligations under this Section
19 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Brand Promoter Agreement for any reason. You further
acknowledge and agree that temporary and permanent injunctive relief is an appropriate remedy to
prevent further damage to Zinrai for your violation of the provisions of this Section 19.
20. This Brand Promoter Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State
of Florida, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. The parties consent to jurisdiction and venue
before any federal or state court in Lee County, Florida, for purposes of enforcing an award by an arbitrator
or any other matter not subject to arbitration.
21. From time to time, Zinrai may change this Brand Promoter Agreements. Except as specifically provided in
Section 18 regarding amendments to the Dispute Resolution Agreement, You agree that You will be bound
by any changes to this Brand Promoter Agreement thirty (30) days after notice of the amendment is emailed
at the email address on file for You with Zinrai or is posted in the Zinrai [virtual/back office]. By continuing
to participate as a Brand Promoter after the effective date of the amendment, You agree to the amended
Brand Promoter Agreement. You may opt out of any proposed amendments by terminating your Brand
Promoter Agreement prior to the effective date of such proposed amendments. Your continued
participation in any way as a Brand Promoter on or after the effective date of any amendment constitutes
acceptance of the amended Brand Promoter Agreement. Amendments will not have a retroactive effect
unless You have expressly agreed to such amendment.
22. The Brand Promoter Agreement and documents incorporated by reference herein constitutes the entire
agreement and understanding between You and Zinrai regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes
any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, commitments, or understandings,
whether oral or written, made by or between Zinrai and You. In the event of a conflict between the terms
and conditions contained in the Brand Promoter Agreement comprising the Brand Promoter Agreement,
the following order of precedence shall apply: first, (i) the Dispute Resolution Provisions, then (ii) these
6
Terms and Conditions, then (iii) the Zinrai Policies & Procedures, (iv) the Zinrai Compensation Plan (v) the
Zinrai Privacy Policy and lastly (vi) the Zinrai Terms of Use.
23. You may not assign this Brand Promoter Agreement, or any portion thereof, or any of the duties,
obligations, or liabilities contained herein, without the prior written consent of Zinrai, which consent may
be withheld, conditioned, or delayed in Zinrai’s sole discretion. Zinrai may assign this Brand Promoter
Agreement at any time and without your consent, and upon such assignment, Zinrai shall be relieved of any
and all duties, obligations, and/or liabilities arising from this Brand Promoter Agreement. This Brand
Promoter Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, successors, and permitted
assigns of the parties hereto.
24. Subject to the Dispute Resolution Provisions, if any provision of this Brand Promoter Agreement is
determined by an authority of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable in part or in whole for
any reason whatsoever, the validity of the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall not be affected
thereby, and such authority should reform the Brand Promoter Agreement to the extent necessary in a
manner that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid and unenforceable provision while
rendering the otherwise unenforceable provision or portion thereof valid and enforceable.
25. Privacy and Your Personal Data. You understand and acknowledge that You and your activity as a Brand
Promoter are subject to the Zinrai Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, which are incorporated into and a
material part of the Brand Promoter Agreement. You acknowledge that You have read and understand the
Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, and consent to the use of any personal information that You provide
according to the terms of this Brand Promoter Agreement and the Privacy Policy. When You disclose
personal data as part of the Brand Promoter enrollment process, as well as other personal data disclosed
in conducting your activities as a Brand Promoter, You acknowledge that this information is necessary to
allow Zinrai to fulfill its contractual obligations to You and the Zinrai network of Customers/Members, Zinrai
Brand Promoters and suppliers, vendors and service providers. The data collected is used by Zinrai internal
and authorized external service providers, suppliers and vendors taking part in the operation and
management of the distribution network. You consent to the disclosure of your name, telephone
number(s), e-mail address(es), mailing address(es) and other contact information listed on your Brand
Promoter enrollment application or profile as updated, and information regarding your Zinrai purchases
(excluding Payment Method information), to internal departments, authorized service providers, your
sponsor, upline Brand Promoters and the Zinrai support team. You agree that Zinrai or a person acting on
its behalf may contact You by telephone, text messaging, and email, and You consent and agree to being
contacted in this manner at the telephone number(s) and email address(es) that You provide. Your carrier’s
standard rates will apply for calls and text messages. If You wish to opt out of promotional emails, You can
unsubscribe from the Zinrai promotional email list by following the unsubscribe options in the promotional
email itself or by emailing support@zinrai.com. You will continue to receive emails regarding business-
related transactions regardless of the email subscriptions that are chosen. If You wish to opt out of
promotional texts, You may do so by responding as indicated to allow for opting out on the text itself. You
may opt out of promotional telephone calls by simply requesting to be placed on the Zinrai do not contact
list. You may also opt out of texts by email at support@zinrai.com. You acknowledge that You are not
required to consent to receive promotional, emails, texts or calls as a condition of being a Brand Promoter.
BY SUBMITTING YOUR APPLICATION TO BECOME A BRAND PROMOTER, YOU AUTHORIZE ZINRAI, ITS
AFFILIATES, ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, ZINRAI BRAND PROMOTERS, AND REPRESENTATIVES, TO CONTACT
YOU BY PHONE, MAIL, AND EMAIL CONCERNING ZINRAI RELATED MATTERS.
26. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of these terms and conditions and any
other agreement or document between You and Zinrai, the following order of precedence shall apply: (i)
these terms and conditions; (ii) the Zinrai Policies & Procedures; (iii) the Zinrai Compensation Plan (iv) the
Zinrai Privacy Policy and lastly (v) the Zinrai Terms of Use.
7
NOTICE OF CANCELLATION
Except where applicable law requires otherwise, You may cancel this transaction, without penalty or obligation, for
a full refund, if You provide a valid cancellation notice postmarked within ten (10) days from the date of this Brand
Promoter Agreement, exclusive of the date of signing. Except where applicable law requires otherwise if You cancel
after the ten (10) day period, You are not entitled to any refund. To cancel this Brand Promoter Agreement, You
must deliver via email or via your back office a written and dated copy notice of cancellation.
Certain jurisdictions require a longer cancellation period by law, and where applicable law on cancellation is
inconsistent with Zinrai policy, such law shall be in force and the cancellation rights set forth herein shall be deemed
modified to reflect the applicable requirements.
8